a moment already to review who they were
the most prominent players of the
last match in the bbva league
the eibar endure more than one hour on foot
in camp nou thanks to your order
defensive and to the success under sticks of a
xavi irureta that confirmed in the coliseum
azulgrana all the good feelings
that had left to date the
The goalkeeper of the armorer set
uncovered with up to six interventions
authentic merit and prevented me if
reached the goal-scoring record that the
mozart
it was one of the revelations of the past
course in the league forward and in the duel
last Sunday against the valencia-
Pablo Insua completed his first great
match in the league bbva the young
squad player deportivista mixed to the
perfection with Sidney on the axis of the
behind and managed to stop the paco alcácer
Rodrigo and company so that the painting
coruñés its base three points that
move away from the descent zone
in his umpteenth defensive exhibition of
the last months the atletico de madrid
left 0 to espanyol in the calderón with
diego godin leading once again the
the rear of the mattress set
Uruguayan was an insurmountable wall for
the blue and white strikers and
appeared in the action from 2 to 0
definitive
the Celtic continues his good career in
this league start and in the last
day took a valuable point of
bilbao with gustavo cabral as one of
the protagonists of the meeting the
Argentine central managed to contain the
momentum of the athletic forwards
that they could only mark from the point
of penalty
every day more settled in the schemes of
Ancelotti and James Rodriguez completed a
superb performance in the rout of the
real madrid on raise the crack
Colombian worked and led
positions marked a nice goal kick
and gave away an assistance and it's already starting
make forget the march of angel di
Mary
on a night that was showing up dark in the
camp nou xavi hernandez used the light to
guide the leader towards a new triumph on
great azulgrana captain opened the way
with an exquisite ending and its
ability to pause and find
spaces was key to ending
the resistance of the rubbery eibar of
gaizka garitano
holder for the sixth consecutive day in
the ranks of the champion the contest of
tiago mendes was decisive in the
victory of the simeone for his
tireless work the core and about
all for his goal the Portuguese returned to
show their air capacity before the
espanyol and completed up to seven
ball recoveries
the brightest individual performance of
the last day was in charge of isco
that was claimed with an authentic
starting by the City of Valencia
malagueño directed the Madrid symphony
and he left a beautiful goal an assist and
genius details in almost every contact
with leather but also ability to
struggle and sacrifice to complete a
meeting of 10
nordin amrabat again showed his
most lethal version of last season
in the archangel and shattered defense of
a córdoba that continues without knowing the
victory the Dutch striker does not stop
to pull unchecks overflow and drive
against punches and scored one of the goals
Malaga from the penalty spot
and the villarreal is already taxed
Europeans after overcoming Almeria in the
madrigal with double ikechuwku uche
the Nigerian sentenced the duel with two
man goals from area and reached the
100 targets since he's in the
Spanish soccer
and closing our eleven of this octave
day we meet a Christian
ronaldo that continues with his incredible
scoring streak a record never before
seen in the league the Portuguese went back to
mark twice in the clash
before the lift and arrives in a
spectacular state of form at
superclásico next Saturday